
Alternative
OD2 Property ID: :alternative
Form and Facet Label: Alternative Title
Form Helptext: Use for alternative titles or names.
Description: Alternative titles or names.
Example Value: Houghton Shahnameh. Zal is sighted by a caravan
Notes: 

Title
OD2 Property ID: :title
Form and Facet Label: Title
Form Helptext: Use for primary title or name of work. For works without a title, create a descriptive title consulting institutional standards.
Description: Primary title or name. This field is for the full title, not split into title parts.
Example Value: Book of Kings. Zal is sighted by a caravan
Notes: 

Author
OD2 Property ID: :author
Form and Facet Label: Author
Form Helptext: Use for a person, family, or organization responsible for creating a work that is primarily textual in content, regardless of media type (e.g., printed text, spoken word, electronic text, tactile text) or genre (e.g., poems, novels, screenplays, blogs). Use also for persons, etc., creating a new work by paraphrasing, rewriting, or adapting works by another creator such that the modification has substantially changed the nature and content of the original or changed the medium of expression. URI required.
Description: Use for author of resource.
Example Value: http://opaquenamespace.org/ns/creator/ClarkeRuthJohnson
Notes: 

Cartographer
OD2 Property ID: :cartographer
Form and Facet Label: Cartographer
Form Helptext: Use for a person, family, or organization responsible for creating a map, atlas, globe, or other cartographic work. URI required.
Description: Use for cartographer of resource.
Example Value: http://opaquenamespace.org/ns/creator/ClarkeRuthJohnson
Notes: 

Creator
OD2 Property ID: :creator
Form and Facet Label: Creator
Form Helptext: Use for an entity primarily responsible for making the resource. Use specific creator roles if applicable and known.  For aerial photography, use for the organization that acquired the imagery. URI required.
Description: Use for an entity primarily responsible for making the resource. Use specific creator roles if applicable and known. URI required. For aerial photography, use for the organization that acquired the imagery--OAIIDS; Agent TBD.
Example Value: http://id.loc.gov/authorities/names/n84017617
Notes: 

Photographer
OD2 Property ID: :photographer
Form and Facet Label: Photographer
Form Helptext: Use for a person, family, or organization responsible for creating a photographic work. URI required.
Description: Use for photographer of resource.
Example Value: http://opaquenamespace.org/ns/creator/GiffordandPrentiss
Notes: 

Compass Direction
OD2 Property ID: :compass_direction
Form and Facet Label: Compass Direction
Form Helptext: Use for compass direction of the photograph.
Description: Use for compass direction of the object pictured.
Example Value: southwest
Notes: maic

Description
OD2 Property ID: :description
Form and Facet Label: Description
Form Helptext: Use for additional information about the item that does not belong in other fields.
Description: An account of the resource.
Example Value: Silo on Frank Gratsinger farm, Gervais, Oregon. Photo was submitted to Western Dairy Journal.
Notes: 

Temporal
OD2 Property ID: :temporal
Form and Facet Label: Temporal
Form Helptext: Use for topical time period of a work.
Description: Use for a topical time period. Refinement of coverage.
Example Value: 1890-1899
Notes: 

Subject (was: LC Subject)
OD2 Property ID: :subject
Form and Facet Label: Subject
Form Helptext: Use for controlled topical terms of the work. URI required. For uncontrolled terms use Keyword.
Description: Use for controlled subject headings. (mads:Topic; mads:Name)
Example Value: http://id.loc.gov/authorities/subjects/sh85076502
Notes: 

Box
OD2 Property ID: :box
Form and Facet Label: Geographic Area
Form Helptext: Use for the area enclosed by the rectangle formed by two points. The first point is the lower corner, the second point is the upper corner. For aerial photography, use for resource_area.
Description: An area enclosed by four points
Example Value: 41.875 -124.625 46.375 -116.375
Notes: Field source is BLM AP Index.

Location
OD2 Property ID: :location
Form and Facet Label: Location
Form Helptext: Use for location depicted in the work. URI required.
Description: Location of the resource.
Example Value: http://sws.geonames.org/5725846/
Notes: 

Date Created
OD2 Property ID: :date_created
Form and Facet Label: N/A
Form Helptext: N/A
Description: N/A
Example Value: N/A
Notes: 

Date
OD2 Property ID: :date
Form and Facet Label: Date
Form Helptext: Use for a date associated with the work. Use specific date fields if applicable and known. EDTF required.
Description: Use dcmi-date format
Example Value: 2004-06-03
Notes: 

View Date
OD2 Property ID: :view_date
Form and Facet Label: View Date
Form Helptext: Use for date or range of dates associated with the creation or production of the image, when distinct from date of creation of the original object depicted in the image. EDTF required.
Description: Use for any date or range of dates associated with the creation or production of the image. Use with caution.
Example Value: 2004/2006
Notes: 

Identifier
OD2 Property ID: :identifier
Form and Facet Label: Identifier
Form Helptext: Use for an unambiguous reference to the work within a given context. For aerial photography, use for entity_ID, a unique identifier assigned by the contracting agency for each image. DD = Data set designator , A = Agency , P = Project , R = Roll, F = Frame --OAIIDS
Description: Use for generic identifiers. See extended properties for other options.
Example Value: 2008_VRC_03346; aerial photography: DDAPPPPPRRRRFFFFF
Notes: 

Rights Holder
OD2 Property ID: :rights_holder
Form and Facet Label: Rights Holder
Form Helptext: Use for a person or organization owning or managing rights over the work.
Description: A person or organization owning or managing rights over the resource.
Example Value: Oregon State University Herbarium
Notes: 

Rights Note
OD2 Property ID: :rights_note
Form and Facet Label: Rights Note
Form Helptext: Use for an explanation of copyright status.
Description: The expression of Rights as free text.
Example Value: not used
Notes: 

Rights Statement
OD2 Property ID: :rights_statement
Form and Facet Label: Rights
Form Helptext: Use for standardized rights statements that can be used to communicate the copyright and re-use status of works to the public. URI required.
Description: Rights policies for OregonDigital are summarized at: http://oregondigital.org/copyright
Example Value: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/mark/1.0/
Notes: 

Has Number
OD2 Property ID: :has_number
Form and Facet Label: Number
Form Helptext: Use for the number of a journal, magazine, technical report, or of a work in a series.
Description: Use for the number of a journal, magazine, techreport, or of a work in a series.
Example Value: 2
Notes: 

Publication Place
OD2 Property ID: :publication_place
Form and Facet Label: Publication Place
Form Helptext: Use for the place where the work was published. URI required.
Description: Use for the place the resource was published.
Example Value: http://sws.geonames.org/4929022/
Notes: 

Publisher
OD2 Property ID: :publisher
Form and Facet Label: Publisher
Form Helptext: Use for the entity responsible for making the work available. URI required. 
Description: Use for the entity responsible for making the resource available.
Example Value: http://id.loc.gov/authorities/names/n80017721
Notes: 

Repository
OD2 Property ID: :repository
Form and Facet Label: Repository
Form Helptext: Use for the institutional organization or sub-unit that hosts the work. Use Copy Location to further specify physical location of original object. For aerial photography, use for the organization that stores the film or master copy of the imagery--OAIIDS.
Description: Primary term to use for repositories.
Example Value: http://id.loc.gov/authorities/names/n00020491
Notes: 

Series Name
OD2 Property ID: :series_name
Form and Facet Label: Series Name
Form Helptext: Use for the series title listed in finding aid. For aerial photography, use for project_name. Use for the name of the photo or image project--OAIIDS. Lower case text string, record exactly what is on aerial photograph, even if appears to change in middle of project 
Description: Use for the official titles of series within a collection.
Example Value: Series I: Glass Plate Negatives
Notes: 

Series Number
OD2 Property ID: :series_number
Form and Facet Label: Series Number
Form Helptext: Use for the series number listed in finding aid. For aerial photography, use for project_id; use to link to the spatial index layers.--OAIIDS. Usually identified by a project code (project_id) which might not be unique unless combined with the year
Description: Use for the official numbers of series within a collection.
Example Value: 2
Notes: 

Source
OD2 Property ID: :source
Form and Facet Label: Source
Form Helptext: Use for identifying information from which the work is derived. Do not use for characteristics of the source.
Description: Use to for identifying information for a resource from which the item is derived. Do not use for characteristics of the source.
Example Value: Ecker, Heather; Caliphs and Kings: the Art and Influence of Islamic , Washington, DC: Arthur Sackler Gallery, 2004
Notes: 

Has Version
OD2 Property ID: :has_version
Form and Facet Label: Version
Form Helptext: Use for including additional formats and versions the work is available in.
Description: Use for a related resource that is a version, edition, or adaptation of the described resource.
Example Value: lantern slide
Notes: 

Is Part Of
OD2 Property ID: :isPartOf
Form and Facet Label: Is Part Of
Form Helptext: Use for a grouping, book series or photo collection the work is included in. Use for flight title for aerial photography.
Description: Use for a related resource in which the described resource is physically or logically included.
Example Value: Book of Kings
Notes: 

Media
OD2 Property ID: :resource_type
Form and Facet Label: Media
Form Helptext: Use for high level type of the work, selecting from the DCMI Type vocabulary. URI required.
Description: Use for the nature or genre of the resource.
Example Value: http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/Image
Notes: 

Work Type
OD2 Property ID: :workType
Form and Facet Label: Work Type
Form Helptext: Use for one or more terms describing the type, genre, or form of the original work. URI required.
Description: Use to identify the specific type of resource being described.
Example Value: http://vocab.getty.edu/aat/300207870
Notes: 

Material
OD2 Property ID: :material
Form and Facet Label: Material
Form Helptext: Use for the medium(s) comprising the original object. For aerial photography, use Film negative, Film positive, Film diapositive, Raster--OAIIDS.
Description: Use for medium of the source.
Example Value: brass
Notes: 

Measurements
OD2 Property ID: :measurements
Form and Facet Label: Measurements
Form Helptext: Use for measurements of the physical object, include units. Use for film_length_width. The length and width of image frame contained on the roll of film, expressed in millimeters--OAIIDS, APSFDD.
Description: Use for measurements of the source.
Example Value: 47 x 31.8 cm (page)
Notes: 

Technique
OD2 Property ID: :technique
Form and Facet Label: Technique
Form Helptext: Use for the method of creation or construction of the original object. For aerial photography, enter: Vertical Cartographic, Vertical Reconnaissance, Low Oblique, High Oblique.
Description: Use for the method of creation/construction of resource.
Example Value: A-line skirt; Woven
Notes: 

Original Filename
OD2 Property ID: :original_filename
Form and Facet Label: Original Filename
Form Helptext: Use for the original filename of the resource.
Description: Use to retain the original filename of media file. Often used in migration and bulk ingest.
Example Value: Volume2\\RichieAp43.jpg
Notes: 

Resolution
OD2 Property ID: :resolution
Form and Facet Label: Resolution
Form Helptext: Use for the dpi of the resource. For aerial photography, use for the ground pixel size of the scanned images--OAIIDS.
Description: A rational number representing a digital resolution.
Example Value: 125 dpi
Notes: 

Camera GPS Latitude
OD2 Property ID: :longitude
Form and Facet Label: N/A
Form Helptext: For aerial photography, use the latitude of the sensor when the image was collected--OAIIDS, also BLM.
Description: The latitude of the sensor when the image was collected--OAIIDS, also BLM.
Example Value: N/A
Notes: 

Camera GPS Longitude
OD2 Property ID: :latitude
Form and Facet Label: N/A
Form Helptext: For aerial photography, use the longitude of the sensor when the image was collected--OAIIDS, also BLM.
Description: The longitude of the sensor when the image was collected--OAIIDS, also BLM.
Example Value: N/A
Notes: 

Capture Device
OD2 Property ID: :capture_device
Form and Facet Label: N/A
Form Helptext: N/A
Description: N/A
Example Value: N/A
Notes: 

File Title
OD2 Property ID: :file_title
Form and Facet Label: N/A
Form Helptext: N/A
Description: N/A
Example Value: N/A
Notes: 

Height
OD2 Property ID: :height
Form and Facet Label: N/A
Form Helptext: The height of the sensor when the image was captured--OAIIDS. Text string. Leave blank if not available.
Description: The height of the sensor when the image was captured--OAIIDS
Example Value: N/A
Notes: 

Line Count
OD2 Property ID: :line_count
Form and Facet Label: N/A
Form Helptext: N/A
Description: N/A
Example Value: N/A
Notes: 

Color Content
OD2 Property ID: :color_content
Form and Facet Label: Color Content
Form Helptext: Use for indicating if the image is Black and White or Color
Description: Use for relating an expression to the presence of colour, tone, etc., in a resource designed for persons with visual impairments.
Example Value: Black & White
Notes: 

Full Size Download
OD2 Property ID: :full_size_download_allowed
Form and Facet Label: Full Size Download
Form Helptext: Use to designate works where full size (high resolution) versions of files are available to download.
Description: Use to designate works where full size (high resolution) versions of files are available to download.
Example Value: TRUE
Notes: 

Institution
OD2 Property ID: :institution
Form and Facet Label: Institution
Form Helptext: Use for the name of the institution responsible for the work. URI required.
Description: The institution responsible for the resource.
Example Value: http://id.loc.gov/authorities/names/n80126183
Notes: 


OD2 Property ID: 
Form and Facet Label: 
Form Helptext: 
Description: 
Example Value: 
Notes: 
